CHILD: Mommy, can you tell me another story?

MOM: Another one? Sweetie, you’re supposed to be in bed by now.

CHILD: I know, but I can’t sleep! I want another story. Please?

MOM: *chuckles* Okay, okay. Hm, what to tell you? Ah. I know. Have I ever told you about your grandfather?

CHILD: Grandpa? Lots of times, mommy. But, you never really talk a lot about the stories.

MOM: No, I don’t. Well, there was a time in the past when we were at war.

CHILD: War? With who?

MOM: Well... everyone, sweetie. Everyone fought one another. See, when I was younger, my grandfather told me many stories. One of them, I never got tired of hearing, no matter how many times he told me. It was a story about his time in the War.

CHILD: Oh! Tell me, tell me!

MOM: Alright, alright, haha. Well, it went something like this…

~

MOM: In the past, people found lots of technology. That discovery led to a lot of the things we use today.

MOM: It made life easier for everyone, and people were happy.

MOM: Well, some were.

MOM: People started building new weapons; giant ones, powered by other people who were trained to use them. Everyone thought that this would help bring peace.

MOM: Your great-grandfather and his comrades were some of the... lucky few chosen to pilot one. He got chosen from a young age - in fact, he wasn’t that much older than you.

MOM: Shortly after, tensions rose. Many with this new technology began to use it, not for peace, but for conflict.

MOM: He and his team were entered into a competition. It was held to weed out the weak from the strong. Those that passed would be allowed to join others like them. These people would fight for their nations, and win the war that was to come.

MOM: Your grandfather entered.

~

CHILD: What happened to him?

MOM: Well, he fought. He fought as hard as he could.

CHILD: Did he win?

MOM: That part, he never told me. But, I can only imagine that he met a lot of interesting faces.

~~

MOM: Strong.

~~

MOM: Passionate.

~~

MOM: Wise.

~~

MOM: Caring.

~~

MOM: Calculated.

~~

MOM: And, most of all. Courageous.

~

CHILD: I think he probably beat them all!

MOM: *chuckles* Yeah. Me too.